MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 WhatsApp V-Lang Library Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

DISCLAIMER:
This project is not affiliated with, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or 
in any way officially connected with WhatsApp Inc. or any of its subsidiaries 
or affiliates. The official WhatsApp website can be found at whatsapp.com. 
"WhatsApp" as well as related names, marks, emblems and images are registered 
trademarks of their respective owners.

The maintainers of this library do not condone the use of this software in 
practices that violate WhatsApp's Terms of Service. Users are responsible for 
ensuring their use of this software complies with all applicable laws and 
terms of service.

Use at your own discretion and risk. Do not use this software for spam, 
stalkerware, bulk messaging, or any other activities that violate WhatsApp's 
Terms of Service or applicable laws.
